README.md, before:

# Flask-pyoidc

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/flask-pyoidc.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Flask-pyoidc)
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/zamzterz/Flask-pyoidc/coverage.svg?branch=master)](https://codecov.io/github/its-dirg/Flask-pyoidc?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zamzterz/Flask-pyoidc.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/zamzterz/Flask-pyoidc)

This Flask extension provides simple OpenID Connect authentication, by using [pyoidc](https://github.com/rohe/pyoidc).
Currently only ["Code Flow"](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#CodeFlowAuth)) is supported.

## Usage

### Provider and client configuration

Both static and dynamic provider configuration discovery, as well as static
and dynamic client registration, is supported. The different modes of provider configuration can be combined with any
of the client registration modes.

#### Dynamic provider configuration

To use a provider which supports dynamic discovery it suffices to specify the issuer URL:
```python
auth = OIDCAuthentication(issuer='https://op.example.com')
```

#### Static provider configuration

To use a provider not supporting dynamic discovery, the static provider configuration can be specified:
```python
provider_config = {
    'issuer': 'https://op.example.com',
    'authorization_endpoint': 'https://op.example.com/authorize',
    'token_endpoint': 'https://op.example.com/token',
    'userinfo_endpoint': 'https://op.example.com/userinfo'
}
auth = OIDCAuthentication(provider_configuration_info=provider_config)
```

See the OpenID Connect specification for more information about the
[provider metadata](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata).


#### Static client registration

If you have already registered a client with the provider all client registration information can be specified:
```python
client_info = {
    'client_id': 'cl41ekfb9j',
    'client_secret': 'm1C659wLipXfUUR50jlZ',

}
auth = OIDCAuthentication(client_registration_info=client_info)
```

**Note: The redirect URIs registered with the provider MUST include `<application_url>/redirect_uri`,
where `<application_url>` is the URL for the Flask application.**

#### Dynamic client registration

If no `client_id` is specified in the `client_registration_info` constructor parameter, the library will try to
dynamically register a client with the specified provider.

### Protect an endpoint by authentication

To add authentication to one of your endpoints use the `oidc_auth` decorator:
```python
import flask
from flask import Flask, jsonify

app = Flask(__name__)

@app.route('/')
@auth.oidc_auth
def index():
    return jsonify(id_token=flask.session['id_token'], access_token=flask.session['access_token'],
                   userinfo=flask.session['userinfo'])
```

This extension will place three things in the session if they are received from the provider:
* [ID Token](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDToken)
* [access token](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#TokenResponse)
* [userinfo response](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#UserInfoResponse)
  
### User logout

To support user logout use the `oidc_logout` decorator:
```python
@app.route('/logout')
@auth.oidc_logout
def logout():
    return 'You\'ve been successfully logged out!'
```

This extension also supports [RP-Initiated Logout](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-session-1_0.html#RPLogout),
if the provider allows it.
  
### Specify the error view

If an OAuth error response is received, either in the authentication or token response, it will be passed to the
specified error view. An error view is specified by using the `error_view` decorator:

```python
from flask import jsonify

@auth.error_view
def error(error=None, error_description=None):
 return jsonify({'error': error, 'message': error_description})
```

The function specified as the error view MUST accept two parameters, `error` and `error_description`, which corresponds
to the [OIDC/OAuth error parameters](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthError).

If no error view is specified a generic error message will be displayed to the user.


## Configuration

The application using this extension MUST set the following [builtin configuration values of Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.10/config/#builtin-configuration-values):

* `SERVER_NAME` (MUST be the same as `<flask_url>` if using static client registration)
* `SECRET_KEY` (this extension relies on [Flask sessions](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.11/quickstart/#sessions), which requires `SECRET_KEY`)

You may also configure the way Flask sessions handles the user session:

* `PERMANENT_SESSION` (added by this extension; makes the session cookie expire after a configurable length of time instead of being tied to the browser session)
* `PERMANENT_SESSION_LIFETIME` (the lifetime of a permanent session)

See the [Flask documentation](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.11/config/#builtin-configuration-values) for an exhaustive list of configuration options.

## Example

Have a look at the example Flask app in [app.py](example/app.py) for an idea of how to use it.

Commit message:

Support for "silent authentication/session refresh" (#17)
Add support for prompt=none and automatic session refresh if configured.

This also requires disabling the access_token code that enforces
permanent session (this should be set by the user instead)

To use this feature, simply pass:
OIDCAuthentication(client_registration_info={'session_refresh_interval':
900, ...}).

README.md, after:

# Flask-pyoidc

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/flask-pyoidc.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Flask-pyoidc)
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/zamzterz/Flask-pyoidc/coverage.svg?branch=master)](https://codecov.io/github/its-dirg/Flask-pyoidc?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zamzterz/Flask-pyoidc.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/zamzterz/Flask-pyoidc)

This Flask extension provides simple OpenID Connect authentication, by using [pyoidc](https://github.com/rohe/pyoidc).
Currently only ["Code Flow"](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#CodeFlowAuth)) is supported.

## Usage

### Provider and client configuration

Both static and dynamic provider configuration discovery, as well as static
and dynamic client registration, is supported. The different modes of provider configuration can be combined with any
of the client registration modes.

#### Dynamic provider configuration

To use a provider which supports dynamic discovery it suffices to specify the issuer URL:
```python
auth = OIDCAuthentication(issuer='https://op.example.com')
```

#### Static provider configuration

To use a provider not supporting dynamic discovery, the static provider configuration can be specified:
```python
provider_config = {
    'issuer': 'https://op.example.com',
    'authorization_endpoint': 'https://op.example.com/authorize',
    'token_endpoint': 'https://op.example.com/token',
    'userinfo_endpoint': 'https://op.example.com/userinfo'
}
auth = OIDCAuthentication(provider_configuration_info=provider_config)
```

See the OpenID Connect specification for more information about the
[provider metadata](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata).


#### Static client registration

If you have already registered a client with the provider all client registration information can be specified:
```python
client_info = {
    'client_id': 'cl41ekfb9j',
    'client_secret': 'm1C659wLipXfUUR50jlZ',

}
auth = OIDCAuthentication(client_registration_info=client_info)
```

**Note: The redirect URIs registered with the provider MUST include `<application_url>/redirect_uri`,
where `<application_url>` is the URL for the Flask application.**

#### Session refresh

If your OpenID Connect provider supports the `prompt=none` parameter, the library can automatically support session refresh on your behalf.
This ensures that the user session attributes (OIDC claims, user being active, etc.) are valid and up-to-date without having to log the user out and back in.
To use the feature simply pass the parameter requesting the session refresh interval as such:
```python
client_info = {
    'client_id': 'cl41ekfb9j',
    'client_secret': 'm1C659wLipXfUUR50jlZ',
    'session_refresh_interval_seconds': 900

}
auth = OIDCAuthentication(client_registration_info=client_info)
```

**Note: The client will still be logged out at whichever expiration time you set for the Flask session.

#### Dynamic client registration

If no `client_id` is specified in the `client_registration_info` constructor parameter, the library will try to
dynamically register a client with the specified provider.

### Protect an endpoint by authentication

To add authentication to one of your endpoints use the `oidc_auth` decorator:
```python
import flask
from flask import Flask, jsonify

app = Flask(__name__)

@app.route('/')
@auth.oidc_auth
def index():
    return jsonify(id_token=flask.session['id_token'], access_token=flask.session['access_token'],
                   userinfo=flask.session['userinfo'])
```

This extension will place three things in the session if they are received from the provider:
* [ID Token](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDToken)
* [access token](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#TokenResponse)
* [userinfo response](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#UserInfoResponse)
  
### User logout

To support user logout use the `oidc_logout` decorator:
```python
@app.route('/logout')
@auth.oidc_logout
def logout():
    return 'You\'ve been successfully logged out!'
```

This extension also supports [RP-Initiated Logout](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-session-1_0.html#RPLogout),
if the provider allows it.
  
### Specify the error view

If an OAuth error response is received, either in the authentication or token response, it will be passed to the
specified error view. An error view is specified by using the `error_view` decorator:

```python
from flask import jsonify

@auth.error_view
def error(error=None, error_description=None):
 return jsonify({'error': error, 'message': error_description})
```

The function specified as the error view MUST accept two parameters, `error` and `error_description`, which corresponds
to the [OIDC/OAuth error parameters](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthError).

If no error view is specified a generic error message will be displayed to the user.


## Configuration

The application using this extension MUST set the following [builtin configuration values of Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.10/config/#builtin-configuration-values):

* `SERVER_NAME` (MUST be the same as `<flask_url>` if using static client registration)
* `SECRET_KEY` (this extension relies on [Flask sessions](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.11/quickstart/#sessions), which requires `SECRET_KEY`)

You may also configure the way Flask sessions handles the user session:

* `PERMANENT_SESSION` (added by this extension; makes the session cookie expire after a configurable length of time instead of being tied to the browser session)
* `PERMANENT_SESSION_LIFETIME` (the lifetime of a permanent session)

See the [Flask documentation](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.11/config/#builtin-configuration-values) for an exhaustive list of configuration options.

## Example

Have a look at the example Flask app in [app.py](example/app.py) for an idea of how to use it.
